# My Application

This is a simple Pousse-Café application defining a single module (MyModule).

# Add a process

The `samples` directory contains an example of process described using the
[EMIL](http://www.pousse-cafe-framework.org/doc/emil/) language.
The code for that process can be generated by executing the following command:

    mvn compile pousse-cafe:import-process -DemilFile=samples/MyProcess.emil

All required classes and methods are then generated and you just have to fill in the gaps.

Execute `grep -R TODO *` command in order to locate the missing parts (comments starting with `TODO` have
to be replaced by actual code).

# Update or create a process without input file

Execute the following goal command:

    mvn compile pousse-cafe:validate pousse-cafe:update-process -DprocessName=MyProcess

This will compile, validate, then open an editor showing the EMIL description of a given process.
If the process does not exist, an empty process is displayed.

Add event productions and/or consumptions. For example, you may replace

    AnotherDomainEvent! -> Ru{DoSomethingElseRunner}
        @MyAggregate.Root[doSomething]

with

    AnotherDomainEvent! -> Ru{DoSomethingElseRunner}
        @MyAggregate.Root[doSomething]:
            :Event1! -> .
            :.

which means that upon execution of listener `doSomething`, the event `Event1` is issued.

Save and exit, the missing classes and/or methods are then created. You can have a look at `MyAggregate.java` file,
you'll see that annotation `@ProducesEvent(Event1.class)` has been added on method `doSomething`. Also,
classes `Event1` and `Event1Data` have been created.

# Generate documentation

Run the following command:

    mvn pousse-cafe:generate-doc

The folder `target/ddd-doc/` now contains documentation (HTML and PDF) describing your model.
